c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\UserControls\Home.baml
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\UserControls\Media.baml
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\UserControls\Users.baml
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\UserControls\Home.g.cs
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\UserControls\Media.g.cs
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\UserControls\Users.g.cs
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\NailAddictAdmin_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\NailAddictAdmin_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\bin\Debug\NailAddictAdmin.exe.config
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\bin\Debug\NailAddictAdmin.exe
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\bin\Debug\NailAddictAdmin.pdb
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\UserControls\Vernis.baml
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\UserControls\Vernis.g.cs
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\NailAddictAdmin.g.resources
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\NailAddictAdmin.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\NailAddictAdmin.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\NailAddictAdmin.exe
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\NailAddictAdmin.pdb
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\ruizc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\NailAddictAdmin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\RuizC\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\UserControls\Apercu\ApercuVernis.baml
C:\Users\RuizC\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\UserControls\Apercu\ApercuVernis.g.cs
C:\Users\RuizC\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\ApercuWindows.baml
C:\Users\RuizC\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\ApercuWindows.g.cs
C:\Users\RuizC\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\UserControls\Apercu\ApercuMedia.baml
C:\Users\RuizC\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NailAddictAdmin\NailAddictAdmin\obj\Debug\UserControls\Apercu\ApercuMedia.g.cs
